It was again the smaller ducks like Anton
Schlecker Qantas the year over 80 percent grow what the vacant lots as
only region Northern Hesse Greta today we have a lot of air in the hotel
on the navigation system he probably does not chew we're getting ready now
time again
Philip of Sweden is raising the voice wanted
Airplanes are among the most fascinating means of transport
all obstacles are easily overcome
also mountains deserts or oceans
they are faster than cars trains and ships
There are many different models of aircraft that you can use in the
Air can go
for example, with gliders
they do not have engines being blown up and gliding similarly
Birds silently through the air
Creating propeller aircraft, however, is of its own accord in the sky
soar
all
so far sat with Martin Braun the speed of the striker
then there are the passenger machines they are among the biggest and biggest
heaviest aircraft experiences heavy colossi with the help of
States engines
leave above
These aircraft can accommodate several hundred people
also small or large machines
whether with or without engine
they all have one thing in common
they need a 4
flying for the machine
this is Oliver w
he is a pilot by profession and like big passenger planes
Here he is on the way to his machine to meet his customers
His colleagues include the stewardesses and stewards
the passengers can
without the copilot
who supports flying in Bern
Oliver wants and his team prepare everything for the planned
Launch of the passenger plane in front
while today we were traveling by plane quite normal
For thousands of years this has been an unfulfilled dream for mankind
leave the EU and float free as a bird through the air
People were already standing back from this fascinating ability
Borken in the course of history, inventors tried again and again aircraft
to build
with which they could rise in the air
it takes a long time
It finally succeeded